Add Financial AI (#1829)
sindresorhus/awesome: readme.md

	- [Core ML Models](https://github.com/likedan/Awesome-CoreML-Models#readme) - Models for Apple's machine learning framework.
	- [H2O](https://github.com/h2oai/awesome-h2o#readme) - Open source distributed machine learning platform written in Java with APIs in R, Python, and Scala.
	- [Software Engineering for Machine Learning](https://github.com/SE-ML/awesome-seml#readme) - From experiment to production-level machine learning.

> 	- [AI in Finance](https://github.com/georgezouq/awesome-ai-in-finance#readme) - Financial-related machine learning algorithms

Reviewer: Missing a dot

And how about something like this?

```suggestion
	- [AI in Finance](https://github.com/georgezouq/awesome-ai-in-finance#readme) - Solving problems in finance with machine learning.
```

> 	- [AI in Finance](https://github.com/georgezouq/awesome-ai-in-finance#readme) - Machine learning algorithm and useful tools use in financial market.

Reviewer: The description could be better written. It has some typos.
